# Visualisation_Project_Job_Trends_AUS

The   aim   of   the   formation   of   this   narrative   visualization   is   to   have   an   analytical   study   on   how   men   and   women   are   employed   in   Australia   and   how   it   has   changed   over   the   years.   When   it   comes   to   employment   of   women   and   men,   it   is   found   that   women   like   to   be   employed   in   service   more   than   men   and   this   is   true   since   1990.   And,   men   on   the   other   hand   are   more   towards   industry   and   service.   Agriculture   is   going   to   have   lesser   job   openings   in   the   future   as   we   can   see   a   consistent   drop   in   employment.   
One   thing   to   surely   look   at   is   Australia’s   Labor   Force   Participation   which   has   fluctuated   due   to   unemployment   and   employment   factors.The   participation   of   men   and   women   in   labor   was   something   interesting   to   study.   Women   participation   in   the   labor   force   is   increasing   at   a   good   rate   compared   to   men   which   is   falling   consistently.   Men   participation   was   highest   of   all   times   in   1990   while   women’s   highest   was   in   2016.   Women   are   taking   up   jobs   in   Australia   and   are   more   independent   financially   than   they   ever   were.   Furthermore,   the   visualisation   can   also   convey   information   on   how   unemployment   and   education   at   various   levels   affect   men   and   women.  
The   intended   audience   of   this   visualization   application   is   of   a   large   spectrum.   It   ranges   from   anyone   interested   in   knowing   Australian   Economy   to   Behavioral   Economists.   Even   economic   students   can   utilize   this   application   to   study   and   reflect   on   how   the   economy   is   affected   by   various   variables   in   Australia. 
